okay this video is a little bit
different I have prepared nothing this
is like yeah I came into work today and
I thought I should do a video because
this keyboard I get asked about a lot
it's a keyboard that comes up in my
videos once in a while and I thought I
should probably do a video on this and
then I realized I can't do this thing
without story time and then talking
about some other keyboards so story time
I get access to keyboards more than the
average person company sometimes semi
keyboards and I like keyboards I
purchase them so I will go through a
little bit of like of whatever this is a
keyboard that I used to use a lot so
razor I'm very prepared the Razer
BlackWidow chroma X I had the original
one like the one that didn't light up in
different colors called the Razer
BlackWidow use that a lot and then when
the chroma X came out because it had
colors I picked it up then I decided
that I want to build a custom keyboard
so this is the thing that comes up a lot
in my videos wow that is very
overexposed we'll see what we can do so
this was originally a black keyboard ACM
storm quickfire so that's like a ten key
list keyboard it is fully customized so
what I did was I popped it open I D
soldered all the switches on it and I
put on new switches because I'm an idiot
and then I purchased these are called
gmk cyan key caps because I thought the
key chaps would kind of go with the
theme of my channel and these are like
my favorite colors and then I
spray-painted the casing white and then
it still had a wire coming out of it and
I thought this isn't going to do because
I didn't like the wire so I actually put
an Arduino Android like a basically this
thing is Wireless now it's got a
Bluetooth thing and a battery inside
here that makes it Wireless now I enjoy
the idea of it but I don't think it's
actually as good of a keyboard as I
thought it would be when I was building
it and spending like 15 20 hours
constructing this things it was also
horribly expensive to get all the parts
and it's just not the way I would
recommend but that's what it is
if you wanted to know and then I also
use this once in a while this is a razor
I believe it's called an or inada it's
like one of their newer keyboards
I don't think it's a real mechanical
keyboard like a like tactile membrane
that sounds mechanical like but if I
don't think it classifies as a true
mechanical keyboard but the reason why I
wanted to make this video at all was
because of this new keyboard this thing
this is the Microsoft Surface I think
it's called a Microsoft Surface keyboard
and I didn't think it would be that cool
I actually purchased it it's like a
hundred bucks
it wasn't she hundred bucks American and
it doesn't look like a particularly
special keyboard but the more I use it
the more loved it and the fact that has
like proper wireless and the way that
integrates with Windows is awesome
now as for whether or not it's good for
games truthfully I've never even tried
it for games but you know what we have
time I'm actually gonna play it off an
XPS 15 because I'm just used to it this
is what I this is what I play overwatch
on most of the time so that's how we're
going to roll actually before I get into
the game I should actually talk about
the good things about the maps on the
keyboard all right it's fully metal it's
very well made the bottom has some
rubber feet for grip and it's battery
operated so some wireless keyboards
especially the Apple one you can charge
them up this one is battery-operated
still and it uses bluetooth for
connectivity there's no dongle or
adapter they need to connect up key
travel is great it feels really nice to
type on it's not backlit which might be
a deal-breaker for some people but it's
for your desktop so I'm normally in
properly lit areas the volume and
brightness Keys work in Windows which is
pretty cool there's really nothing that
I dislike about the keyboard I was used
to the layout and everything about this
keyboard from the moment I opened it so
yeah I really recommend this thing if
you're looking for like a productivity
oriented device it has this
complimentary Mouse complementary as in
it goes with it it doesn't come free
with it it's like a matching Mouse and I
think that they look really good
together it's a super simple Mouse it
works really nicely with Windows
obviously the buttons have a nice click
can't complain about them the scroll
wheel is a little stiff you can't spin
it like you would on the BMX master or
something like that but it's a good
scroll wheel supposedly the battery
lasts a really long time they say twelve
months on the packaging I'm not sure
bill to actually hit twelve months but
I'm what two months now two and a half
months
and still going strong okay this place
has overwatch oh this is a bad idea I
can already feel like this is not going
to be good but I should probably go
mousepad right actually you know what
forget the mousepad this thing is
supposed to be able to be usable on any
kind of surface or like the majority of
surfaces so we'll give that a we'll give
it a real test hey I
okay so I recently got into masters in
overwatch which is like for the people
that are unaware of it it's like a
relatively high ranking it's not like
the highest ranking but it's like I
don't know like a b-plus let's just do
it all my teammates are probably not
going to be happy if I'm playing on a
crappy keyboard and crappy Mouse
whatever we're doing this for YouTube
they should understand
yeah the aim is uh knock mail to aim
properly on this that's okay oh you got
a lot of stuff I'm gonna drop beat get
to the floor right now
dropping beat oh my God look at that
oh-ho-ho brutal this mouse is horrible
not that it's horrible it's just
horrible for first-person shooters are
if you saw that I was trying to turn
over to that like fat pig looking
creature and I couldn't connect with
them so at this point I would probably
switch to a regular Mouse because I feel
like that's pictured it not being
triggered my teammates kept saying I'm
like not ideal hardware but then I won't
be giving this the proper proper test
right we're we're all tripping compete
this mess is awesome
[Music]
let's never mention this again okay back
to the mouse and keyboard they're great
for work they're great for video editing
and not so great for first-person
shooters